Hey, good morning family. How are you
all
doing today? I have my wife
with me again, my companion, my friend.
We're excited. We're going to talk to you
all
about hearing the voice of
the Lord and following the peace of God
in your life so that you can hear
Him for yourself. The Holy Spirit
is no respecter of persons. The Lord is
not. And I believe with all my heart
that He wants you to live a good
life, to live a life full of
abundance to the full until it overflows.
We don't have to struggle
spiritually, physically, financially,
mentally, or emotionally in any area of our
life. He wants us to be successful.
You know, we get a lot of people
emailing us on a day-to-day basis
asking, 'Hey, can you hear the Lord for
me? Can you tell me where I'm supposed
to invest my money? Can you tell me if
I'm supposed to move or if I'm supposed
to buy a new
car?'It's
amazing the emails that we
get. I see the lack in
the body of Christ of hearing the voice
of God for themselves. The prophets
of
old, they heard for the
world. They heard what was coming
because the Holy Spirit didn't dwell
in each individual person yet,
since
Jesus hadn't died on the cross.
When
He died on the cross, He came
and He lives on the inside of every
believer. The moment you receive Jesus
Christ as your Lord and Savior, you have
your wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of you.
It's exciting
as a believer. That's right.
And
it's for a child too. The
moment
a child
asks
Jesus Christ to be the Lord and Savior,
they have the ability to hear the Lord.
He didn't make it hard;
we make it hard
by trying to complicate it with our
thoughts. I don't know;
maybe I've developed a different
kind of relationship with the Lord. It
seems like in my life, because I've had
so many challenges with my
learning, I believe
maybe there's a lot of simplicity
in that. It's because I always stick
with being like a child
because in my mind, having
learning disabilities and
all the
things that I've gone through in life,
I've had to trust Him. I've had to get
down inside every single day and
say, 'Lord, help me,'because of the
things that I've
overcome.
Maybe if you have a genius IQ,
you try to rely on your more
intellectual self all the time to get
through life. You feel you don't have to
have the Holy Spirit.
I think that intellect can
sometimes get in the way of
your relationship with God because if
you overthink things, it's supposed to
be very simple and very childlike.
You just come to Him and say, 'God,
I need you.
I want to sit at your
feet today;
tell me what's on
your heart. Lead me and guide me
today.'Every
day you wake up and say,
'Father, I come to you today and I
thank you that you lead and guide me in
everything I do
and every step I take, that it's all of
you and none of
me.'Sometimes
we
overcomplicate
it.
I believe a lot of people
think that you have to have a
certain method; it has to be like
algebra, and it's not.
A lot of believers
always ask, 'What's the difference
between my thoughts and the Holy
Spirit?'They
ask that all the time. 'How do
I know it's the Holy Spirit speaking to
me?'He
is the one that
has the peace that passes all
understanding.
It's that inward peace. If
you follow your peace...
I was talking to you all a couple of
videos ago about how when I talk to somebody
on the phone or I'm around somebody,
the Holy Spirit instantaneously tugs
at my heart. I do not hear an audible
voice like I'm talking to my wife right
now.
The Holy
Spirit doesn't speak like that. He
speaks in that still, small voice, and I
follow that peace. If he says
in my spirit that person
right there has ill intentions for
you, he automatically speaks inside
of me to warn me. Or say
I
want to
go and buy a
mega-house.
You think, 'Well, God supplies
all my needs according to His riches
in
glory by Christ Jesus, and
God's just going to provide for us and
we're just going to go out and buy a
million-dollar
house
today.'That
could be presumptuous.
You can get real fleshy and weird by
trying to follow the peace and
thinking,
'Well, I can afford it because
God's going to provide for
me,'but
you have that inward tug saying, 'Don't
do that. That's foolish. Don't do
that.'That's
the Holy Spirit trying to
lead you and guide you. In the
natural, you can believe God for more,
but you need to stay where your faith
is
at. If you can't
believe God for five dollars, how do you
think you're going to believe God for a
million? You've got to learn how to take
your baby steps by faith every single
day and grow it like you go to
the gym. You work out and
you're lifting weights, and you
increase that weight every
couple of months.
You get stronger
and stronger.
Eventually, you're going to be able to
lift a lot more than what you did
when you first started.
But you've got to take it a
day at a time. I think a lot of
people start acting weird
or
flaky because
they're impatient. It takes development.
Back in the
sixties
and
seventies,
mom used to tell
me about it. You used to have the
one-hour MotoPhoto. That was
when we were kids. You could go
and get your pictures done within an
hour, and we were excited to get those in an
hour.
At first, it took about a week to
go get your pictures done at
Walmart or at the Kodak store.
They had some kind of
development center where you take
your film. It took
time, a process of developing those
pictures. Then they came out with
Polaroids.
You'd see things being developed
really fast in front of your face. When
I was a little boy, they got
those Polaroid pictures and grandma would take
them
for our birthdays.
She'd hand you those
photos and we got so accustomed to
wanting things so quickly. We want it
right now. There's a process of
development. Whenever you're taking
a picture of your life and you look at
yourself, you change.
We go from glory to glory, but
we have to be patient.
There
are
no shortcuts. Now we're used to
the
iPhone
click and it's there. You can
download it and send it to Australia in
seconds.
It doesn't take
any time at all because
we're so accustomed to having it right
then. But there is a development in the
spirit. There's a development in your
walk with Jesus that takes time. It is
not something that you're going to get
overnight. It is a trial.
There is
a refiner's fire that
comes with your development, walking with
Jesus, hearing Him,
knowing Him intimately, and following His
voice. It's a development like the old
way you did your film.
And the Bible says if you seek, He'll
knock, and Seek
ye
first the kingdom of God.
Knock, and the door will be opened to him.
Seek, and you shall find. I
believe with all my heart that people are
wanting that instantaneous drive-thru
Christianity.
They want to hit you in the head
with a cheeseburger as you drive by
because you don't even want to chew it
up anymore.
Open the window, the carhop goes at
you and hits your head, and you keep driving
because you don't even want to chew.
We've got to slow down
and realize that development with Jesus
takes time. Just like
anything worth doing is worth
doing well and doing right.
Following that
still, small voice
in
your day-to-day life is key. If you
have a check,
follow that
peace that passes all understanding.
If
somebody comes up to you
and says, "Listen, I've got this
investment opportunity for you,"and you
instantaneously have a
feeling
of
irritation—it
just
weighs heavy and
doesn't
feel right—you know
there's something not right about it.
You could study it, but
the Holy Spirit
could be leading you to have peace
while
you reason in your mind.
You feel a
prompting
in your spirit to do something, but you
reason
yourself out of the blessing because
you try to add your intellect to the
things of the Spirit. You can't do
that because He sees more in the future
than what you know of your past. He
knows the
great inventions and creative ideas to
get wealth, but you will reason in your
mind and cause a complete
meltdown because you're trying to
think, "Is this really God?"When you have
that peace and that green
light, but then you say, "I
don't feel like I should do
this,"you're
using your intellect to try to navigate
through the Spirit. You can't do
that. You have to get in the Spirit when
it comes to hearing Him and get out of
your flesh.
Say you're dating somebody and
you feel this
person
is the cat's meow, the best
thing ever, but then you feel a check
about that person. The Lord is telling
you not to marry them. You're like,
"Well, they look so handsome
or beautiful, and I really feel
this is God."But you're looking at the
outward appearance. They
are just really nice-looking people,
and
you start
questioning that inward check because the Holy
Spirit said, "Don't marry
them."You
don't see the intent of their
heart; this is going to wind up in a
disaster. He's warning you: "Do not be
unequally yoked with an unbeliever."You
might think,
"I can get them saved; we
can date and I'll get them
saved."You
think
after a
couple of dates, if you lead them to
Jesus, then they'll be a Christian and everything
will
be
alright.
But
the Bible strictly says, "Do not be
unequally yoked with an
unbeliever."The
Word is already guiding
you.
That's the ultimate voice—the Word of
God.
If the Word says it, that's all you
need to know.
Read the scriptures;
look
things up about
marriage
or
finances. That is the
ultimate authority,
even beyond your peace.
If the Bible says you can have it, you can.
If it says don't do it, don't do it.
It's that simple.
Fornication
and adultery
are
wrong;
the Bible says don't do it.
Staying pure sexually
is
all there.
Following the voice of the Lord for your
life—that
is the manual we go by. When
you have
the Word
and
peace combined, it's
unfailing;
it is the perfect
path for your life. Whenever it
says, "Do not be unequally
yoked
with
unbelievers,"it's
just God trying to protect you.
It
doesn't
matter about the beauty;
find a woman or a man who loves
the Lord their God with all their heart,
mind, soul, and
strength.
Your road is going to be a lot
easier.
It's crucial in
these last days.
If
you say,
"I don't have anybody like that around
me,"make
your petition unto God. Write down
what you're believing for:
a godly
spouse, a
house, or whatever.
Write those things down and make it
plain.
Put it on your refrigerator,
your bathroom mirror,
or
your car visor—someplace where you
can see it all the time.
Let that
be a reminder. Then pray over it,
put your hand on it, and say, "I believe, I
receive."Faith
calls those things that be not as
though they were.
I believe with all my heart, Father,
that
You said You supply all my needs
according to Your riches in glory by
Christ Jesus. Every need is not just
financial;
it's physical, spiritual,
mental, and emotional.
It's whatever you need
to operate in abundance
until
it overflows. Growing
up, my
mom and
dad and
I would
find
a house we
knew we could afford, go to
the property,
and lay hands
on it.
We would
say,
"Father, I thank You that we have favor
to find a house like this."I'm not
saying go around coveting
everyone's
houses. If it's not for sale, don't
do
weird stuff.
But
if the house is for
sale, say, "Father, I
thank You for open doors of opportunity
to purchase this home.
You said You'd give me the desires of my
heart, and I thank You that You
are the God of more than
enough."Lay
hands on that piece of land and
believe you receive it in the name of
Jesus. Believe by faith.
If
you feel a leading and the Lord tells you
this is your piece of property,
stand on the Word.
Find scriptures that pertain to what
you're believing for and use that as
your foundation. Then
find that peace. If you don't have
peace
about it, don't go with it.
But if you have peace, follow it.
We do
it all the time. "Father, I thank
You that You said You provide for us. I
thank You, God, that You're going to
take care of us and
do the things You
said in Your
Word."That's
where we stand. There
were many
times
in the
past when I followed a spirit of
heaviness. I would
be
walking around and feel
an
urge to
pray, thinking
I had
to pray all the time.
Yeah.
Because don't you just feel that? I used
to.
I felt like impending doom
all the time. Well, I
feel there's a terrorist attack coming.
I feel this coming and everything.
Well, you know, I've got to pray over
this. I feel that
there's going to be some kind of major
weather event or an earthquake. And you
walk around in this fear bubble because
I'm an intercessor. That's
supposed to happen; I'm supposed to be
praying. And the Lord addressed it one
day and he told me, 'Brandon,
what are you doing?'And I said,
'Well, I'm interceding, Lord. I
said there's a heaviness. You're
calling me to pray.'He said, 'No, that
is a spirit of
forebodings
that is tormenting you, Brandon. I want
you to live life in abundance to the full
until
it overflows. And you are not
doing that. You are living underneath a
dark shadow. My yoke is easy and my
burden is light.'And that's where he
was saying to me, 'You're
living underneath a
burden.'And
my wife can testify to it; I
lived
that way. I felt like I was in
tears all the time walking. I'm
interceding for somebody, I don't know
who it is.
And I would walk around acting so
spiritual, like I was praying all the
time at work, at church, or wherever.
And people would ask, 'Are you okay today,
Brother Brandon?''Oh, no, man. I've got
the burden to pray. I've got a burden to
pray.'And
it
sounded
like you were doing something so
spiritual and it was the
flesh. It was a demonic spirit
tormenting you because fear has torment. But
perfect love casteth out all fear. And
I'm telling you, a spirit of
forebodings
to get on you as a believer
because you think you're doing good by
thinking you're praying. But
the Lord wants you to have joy, ladies
and gentlemen. The Bible said he
wants you to have exceedingly abundantly
above all that you ask or think, but in
joy unspeakable and full of glory. The
joy of the Lord is our strength. There's
so many things about joy and walking in
peace that passes all understanding. So,
I just felt in my spirit,
because I know a lot of intercessory
prayer people follow my channel, that if
you walk around with heaviness all the
time, check it. And this is what I do:
'Father,
if this is you praying,'and I question
it—I'm
just trying to teach you how to
do it—'Father, if this is you telling me
to intercede for something, then speak
on. But if this is a spirit of
forebodings,
a tormenting spirit of fear,
I bind it right now in the name of
Jesus and I cast you out. You get out
of here and you leave me alone. I will
not walk in a spirit of torment and
fear, but 2 Timothy
1:7
says that God has not given me a spirit
of fear, but of power and of love and of
a well-balanced mind, and I will walk
in a balanced mind in no
fear.'So,
Father, if this is you and you're
warning me to pray about something, then
speak on. But if it is not, I command
this spirit to get out of here now and
address
it just like that. And the moment
you start doing that,
you'll feel even more of a tug
because the Holy Spirit is the one
leading you and guiding you into all
things. He's trying to protect you.
He wants you to live that life in
abundance. So he's going to tell you,
'That's me. That's me. You better pray
now. Come on, let's jump in the river
together,'and
you just go in
that because then you'll know this is
the Holy Spirit really trying to lead me
and he's trying to help me because he
wants you to follow that peace.
And so I hope that helped with that. I
really feel like it's important. I feel
like I'm talking to somebody about this
because the Lord put that on my heart
right then to tell you: do not let a
spirit of torment push you around.
You have authority over the devil
and you don't have to walk in fear in
any area of your life about any
calamity.
We are the victors,
not the victims. So I want my wife to
read this to you. This is an amazing
book. You know, we were at prayer on
Sunday at church, which
was amazing. Every single time we go, we
get refilled. We go and
participate at the Glorious Church
Fellowship prayer a lot.
If you're looking for
people that want to jump in
the river, we look for it all
the time, listening to Lynne Hammond
online at Living Word
in
Minneapolis, Minnesota, and the prayer
conference,
wanting to grow ourselves spiritually in
prayer. Pastor
Candace leads that prayer group at
The
Glory's Church, and they're anointed.
We used to listen to a lot
of other prayer groups and we still do.
But I would encourage everybody, if
you want to grow spiritually, you've got
to listen to prayer people. You've got
to feed your spirit
just like faith cometh by hearing and
hearing by the word of God. You've got
to feed your spirit so you'll grow
in that area
and in prayer.
It's like wanting to learn math and
be really good at it, but you
never go to math classes.
Yeah, that's exactly right, babe.
And then you're taking a
spelling class trying to learn math
and you're hoping you'll just catch math
along the way. No,
but you never go to math class.
So, this is where I'm saying we
find books.
When I went to prayer on
Sunday, the Lord downloaded so much
stuff to me and I walked away. I said,
'Hey, babe. This is what the
Lord said tonight in
prayer.'And
she said, 'That's
exactly what he said to
me.'And
it was to help
me out with helping this
channel and things. And the Lord gave
her... because I said, 'Lord,
you're going to have to talk to Diana
about this. I need your help with
that.'We
flow together on this
because I wanted this to flow
perfectly.
And she said, 'He's already told me,
hun.'She
said,
'I heard him to get
this book right here.'And so
this is a
book by Brother Hagin, but she was
reading these chapters to me, and I want
her to read this part right here.
This is really important and
let it minister to y'all because it goes
along with what we're trying to teach
you all, that Brother Hagin walked this
out as a young believer and how
he became a spiritual giant in
my eyes. I mean, I don't see anybody in
the natural that heard the Lord
as
clear in this generation.
Yeah. So he had an open-eyed vision
and
he saw Jesus come and
sit by his bed and he talked to him for
an hour and a half. And this says
Jesus said to me: 'The prophet of the
New Testament is very similar to the
prophet of the Old Testament in that the
prophet of the Old Testament was called
a seer because he saw and knew
things supernaturally.
The prophet of the New Testament also
sees and knows things supernaturally.
But the prophet of the New Testament
does not have the same status as the
prophet of the Old Testament in that I
did not set prophets in the church to
guide the church.
A Christian under the New Testament need
not seek guidance through prophets.
He might receive guidance through
prophets, but he should not seek it. It
is unscriptural to do so.
The ministry of the New Testament
prophet in this area is only to confirm
what people already have in their own
spirits.
Under the Old Covenant, only the priest,
the prophet, and the king were anointed
by the Holy Spirit to stand in those
offices. What you would call the
laity
did not have the spirit of God upon them
or in them. Therefore, under the Old
Covenant, people would seek guidance
through the prophet because he had the
spirit of God.'Under the New Testament,
thanks be to God, we not only have the
Spirit of God upon us, we have Him in
us. Jesus also said to me, 'Under the New
Covenant, it does not say, "As many as
are led by prophets, they are the sons
of God."The New Testament says, "For as
many as are led by the Spirit of God,
they are the sons of
God."'See
Romans.
Get that scripture down inside of you.
You
read that again, baby. I love that
scripture:
'For as many as are led by the Spirit of
God, they are the sons of
God.'Romans.
So, you're going to be led by the Spirit
of God,
and that shows you're a son of
God—not
led by a
prophet,
not led by your pastor,
but
by the Spirit of God. Now, He may use
your pastor or use a prophetic voice to
help you along the way, but it's to
confirm some things; ultimately, it's
on you
by the Spirit of God in you. Does that
make sense?
Because that's biblical right
there.
Romans.
Then He said, 'The number one way,
the primary way that I lead all of my
children, is by the inward
witness.'I
am going to show you how that
works so you won't make the mistakes you
have made in the past. Then He called my
attention to something that had been
happening to me for the previous three
days. For the past three days, I had sat
down to write a letter to a pastor
confirming a date to hold a meeting for
him. Somehow, the first day I got about
half of a page, and then I tore it up
and threw it in the wastebasket. The
next day I did the same thing. The third
day I did the same thing. Then it was
the day that the Lord was here in the
room talking to me. Jesus said, 'You see
me sitting here talking to you. This is
a manifestation of the Spirit called
discerning of spirits.'Discerning of
spirits is seeing into the spirit realm.
This is the prophet's ministry
in
operation. You are seeing into the realm
of the spirit. 'You see me, you hear me
talking. I am bringing you through the
vision a word of knowledge and also a
word of wisdom. I am telling you not to
go to that church. The pastor would not
accept the way that you would
minister when you got there. But I am
never going to lead you this way
again.'And
He never has, and that was many
years ago. 'From now on, I'm going to
lead you by the inward witness.'You had
the inward witness all the time. You had
a check in your spirit. That's the
reason you tore up the letter three
times. You had something on the
inside—a
check, a red light, a stop signal. It
wasn't even a voice that said, 'Don't
go.'It
was just an inward intuition.
Then Jesus reminded me of another
invitation. I had preached at a
convention for one of the Full Gospel
denominations the previous year. Nearly
every pastor there asked me if I could
come hold a meeting. I had hundreds of
calls. One fellow came up to
me and said, 'Brother Hagin, do you ever
go to small churches?'I said, 'I go
anywhere the Lord says to go.''Well, we
only run about 70 to 90 in Sunday
school, but if God ever speaks to you,
we want you to come.'I dismissed that
conversation along with many others.
Several months later, however, while
praying in the church one day about my
services that night, that conversation
came back to me. Then every day it
continued to come back to me. Finally,
after about 30 or 40 days, I said,
'Lord, do you want me to go to that
little church for a meeting?'The more I
would pray about it, the more I would
think about it, as we say, the better I
would feel about it on the inside of me.
It wasn't a physical feeling, but it was
a feeling in my spirit—peace.
Jesus,
sitting by my bedside,
referred to this: 'The more you thought
about it, the better you felt about it.
You had a velvety-like feeling in your
spirit.
That's the green light. That's the
go-ahead signal. That's the witness of
the Spirit to go. Now you see me sitting
here, you hear me talking to you, and I'm
telling you to go to that church. But I
am never going to lead you to go
anywhere like this again.'He never has.
'From now on, I'm going to lead you just
like I do every other Christian: by the
inward
witness.'Then
the Lord said this to me, which is
not just for my benefit, but also for
yours: 'If you will learn to follow that
inward witness, I will make you rich. I
will guide you in all the affairs of
life, financial as well as
spiritual.'Some
think God is only interested in
their spiritual well-being and nothing
else, but He is interested in everything
we are interested in. 'I am not opposed
to my children being rich; I'm opposed
to their being
covetous.'I
have followed that inward witness, and
He has done just what He said He would
do. He has made me rich. Someone said,
'Are you a millionaire?'I didn't say
that. Some people fail to realize
what the word rich means.
It means a full supply. It means
abundant provision. I have more than a
full supply. I have more than abundant
provision. It is because I learned to
follow the leading of the Spirit by the
inward witness. What He did for me, He
will do for you. It won't come overnight
or by the next Saturday night, but as
you learn to develop your spirit
and follow that inward witness, He will
guide you in every area of your life.
It won't come overnight,
but as you develop it, be patient.
I knew a man down in Texas who had never
worn a pair of shoes until he was 12
years old. He only had a
fifth-grade
education, but way back when money was
money, he was a millionaire. Two
different people—one from California
and the other from Minnesota—who had
been frequent houseguests in his home,
told me that this man told
each of them the same thing. He said to
them both, 'In all these years and in
all these investments—that's how
he
made his money—I never lost a
dime.'That
beats my record. How about yours?
'Everything I have ever invested in
has made money,'he said to each of them
on different occasions. Then he told
them how he did it: 'I always do this.
When someone comes along with an idea
wanting me to invest in
something, my first reaction is mental.
Now, I know what Jesus said: "When you
pray, enter into your
closet."He
didn't necessarily mean you have to go
get into a closet to pray. I know He
meant for us to shut things out, but I
have a large closet in my bedroom where
I go to pray. I pray about it. I wait
long enough until I hear what my spirit
says. Sometimes I wait three days. Now,
it doesn't mean that I stay in there 24
hours a day. I might come out and eat
one meal—usually, I miss a few. I
come out and sleep a little bit, but the
majority of the time I am waiting just
by myself until I know by
an inward witness what I am to do.
Sometimes my head says, "Boy, you would
be a fool to put your money in that;
you'll lose your shirt."But my heart
says, "Go ahead and invest in it."So I
do. And in all these years, I have never
lost a dime.'Then again, someone comes
along with a deal and my head says,
'Boy, you better get in on that
one.'But
I don't pay any attention to my
head. I get in that closet and I wait.
Sometimes all night long, I wait. I'll
pray and read my Bible, but a lot of
the
time I just wait. I just get quiet until
I hear inside what my heart says. When
my heart says, 'No, don't do it,'and my
head says, 'Yes, you better get in on
it,'I
don't do it. What had this man
done? He had learned to follow the
inward witness, and God had guided him
in his business. By the late '30s and
early '40s, he was already worth
two
million dollars. That doesn't sound big now,
but it was then.
Do you think God loved him more than He
loves you? No. But this man took time to
listen to God. He took steps and
measures to wait upon God.
The inward witness is
just as supernatural as guidance through
visions and so on; it is just not as
spectacular. Many people are looking for
the spectacular and they are missing the
supernatural that is right there all the
time.
Yeah. Do you get it? That's what I'm
trying to teach y'all. It's following
that inward peace in your
life—that
peace that passes all
understanding. There's so many times
people come up to me and say, 'Hey, I
believe this thing will help Megan.
I believe because you know my daughter
is overcoming
autism.'They'll
try to come up with some
kind of health thing and tell us
that this is the cure-all for
her and you just put her on this or you
put her on that, but my inward
peace
is not there. And I said,
'I do not feel a green light on this.
I feel this is like snake oil. This
is not going to
work.'But
Brother Brandon, we've had all this
research and all this stuff on it. And
the Holy Spirit said, 'Don't
do that. I'm telling you this is not for
you.'And
they say, 'Well, it's
changed so many
lives.'Well,
good for them, but that's not for
me. So, you have to go with the peace
over your life. They could
tell you that it's changed 50,000
people's lives and they're better and
everything else has done it and it's the
cure-all
for them. But if you don't have
a peace for you, then you follow that
inward peace and you pray. It's like
he went into his closet for
two or three days sometimes
and would go in there and pray and seek the
Lord for himself.
Everybody is different. Nobody's
cookie-cutter.
God did not make
cookie-cutter
Christians and pull them out and cook
them on a sheet and say, 'Look,
everybody looks like a
gingerbread.'Everyone
looks
different, but
we're all different.
Yeah.
But we're all made in His image and we
all have the Holy Spirit on the inside
of us if you're a born-again Christian.
I believe with all my heart
He'll guide each and every single one of
us. But it's going to be different. So
you can't get disappointed if He tells
you no and you feel like Billy Bob over
here was told yes. Why'd He tell you no?
I don't know. Just follow the peace of
God for you and whatever you feel in
your heart, do it with all your heart,
mind, soul, and strength. I had one lady
say, 'I hear all these people talking
about investing in gold and silver, but
the Lord told me not to do it. What do
you think that's about? Should I do
it?'I
said, 'No, if the Holy Spirit told you
not to do it, then don't do it.'I can't
answer for you. I just know that that's
what the Holy Spirit has told certain
people
and they may say, 'Hey, I took hundreds
of thousands of dollars and invested in gold and
silver,'and
then the
Lord said, 'Don't do that for
you.'I
can't question that. You have to follow
your peace.
I think that's the best. You will
never ever miss it if you follow the
peace.
This is one thing: we tried to fleece
God once, and a lot of people try to
fleece God. They say, you know, like
Gideon, Gideon put the fleece out there
and did all that he did and the
Lord used it to help him. But
Gideon didn't have the Holy Spirit
dwelling on the inside of him like we
have.
That was Old Covenant.
And so,
under the New Covenant now,
you can put out a fleece and
get fleeced real quick.
But I've done it, and
I'm not recommending anybody else
do it, but I did it. I told
the Lord whenever we were starting
out to go full-time doing eBay
and Poshmark, and then
I felt the Holy Spirit say, 'I want you
to tell Diana it's time for
her to move on from the church doing
accounting there
and I want you to go full-time into
this.'And
I thought, 'Oh
man.'I
never told her at all. I was
scared actually because I said,
'Man, I like the security of
every two weeks having
something.'The
Lord said, 'Brandon, you're asking me
for increase and I'm trying to bring
increase to you. You've got to
let go.'It's like an acrobat.
A trapeze artist grabs on to the
next thing, but you don't want to let go
of what's behind you because it's
comfortable. You've got to sometimes let
go and grab on by faith to the next
thing so that God can take you from glory
to glory. But many times we
latch on to what's behind us and we don't want
to let go of it. But God's saying go out
and grab on to the next thing.
You're going to have to do some things
by faith. And it may make your
flesh feel uncomfortable to do what
I've asked you to do. But you've got to
be obedient.
And sometimes you're just going to
have to do it blindly. Just do what He
tells you to do and do it by faith. If
He says do it, well, I don't see how it
makes
any sense,
and you grab on to it and you
swing
out and you're in a better
position than what you were because you
stepped out by faith. And
that's where
we were. I
didn't want to step out. She didn't know
the Lord was dealing with me this way. But
I told Him, I said, 'Lord, if this is
you, then let there be four inches of
rain,'because
I know in Oklahoma in the
middle of summer, we don't get a lot of
rain. It's dry a lot of times.
So I was trying to make it really
hard.
I thought, 'Lord, I'm going to
make this one
unmistakable.'And
I told Him, I said, 'If you
make it four inches of rain in one night, I'll
know it's you and we'll quit
and I'll move by faith. But
right now, Father, I'm tired. I
need you to give me a
sign.'On
July the 5th,
it rained four inches—not just in one night,
but
in about an hour or two-hour span.
It came down and the storm parked right
over the top of the house.
It was a toad strangler.
I'm talking cow patty lifting going down
the road. I'm talking more rain than was
standing and it was a gully washer. I
stood
up there and I thought, 'Are
we going to see that four inches of rain?
Even if it's three and a half,
it's not what I asked
for,'because
I didn't want to do it.
Forgive me, Lord. You know my
heart.
But it got up to four inches. I went
out there and checked the thing and
it was
four inches.
Right on.
I started screaming and I went, 'Praise
God. Okay, God, we'll do
it.'I
put
the food coloring inside of it
so I could take a picture of it
as a reminder of what
God did for us to show me to step out by
faith. And right
after Labor Day, you walked in and
you did what the Lord told us to do and
we've never looked back since.
God has provided and taken care of us.
We thought, 'Why did we wait
so long out of fear of letting go of the
baton of
the acrobat?'We
don't recommend the fleecing.
But
I was struggling
and He came through where I needed Him.
I'm so thankful for Him.
Sometimes when you're
weak, He makes
you strong. And even in those times,
it was
mercy that brought me through.
It was God's grace when we needed it the
most.
But we let go
of that and we just reached out and we
grabbed on to it and, like I said,
never looked back since.
And if you told me to do it in the
natural, my flesh was screaming
because I just got laid off because our
pastor fell morally not too long
from then.
They had to lay off a lot of employees.
The finances dried up.
But you know what? God's always
faithful. Even in my stubbornness when
He was
trying to tell me to do something, He
was still merciful. There
are
some more stories, but
for the sake of time, we won't
get into those today.
I just wanted to come on and
encourage you all to live by faith. Live
with everything you have inside of you:
the Holy Spirit. Faith comes by
hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Encourage yourself today by getting in
the Word. Pray and pray some more.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, I want you
to be quick to pray and slow to
speak, quick to get in My Word and slow
to make decisions. Don't do things
hastily;
do not be hasty in anything.
I'm not in a hurry; the Holy Spirit's
not in a
hurry."Follow
the peace that passes all
understanding in your life.
As we pray for this
country, for our
government, the finances, and
all the things that we have,
don't take the care of it. Do not take
the care of the election for 2024
and say, "Well, if so-and-so wins
the election, our country is done
for."No,
I don't believe that with all my
heart. I believe that God
is going to—we're going to have a
major revival yet, and there's going to
be a major outpouring of the Spirit of
the Lord on this generation like we've
never seen before. Part of what He told
me—and
I did not say this last
time—He
said the Holy Spirit told
me
(I was so excited
in
the last video I did,
I forgot this part),
"Operating in what's coming from Rosh
Hashanah
to Rosh
will be like operating in the
natural, like taking a breath."It will be
that close and that easy to get
into the supernatural.
That's exciting!
Operating in the supernatural
will be
like taking a breath; it will be that easy to tap into the realm of the spirit. It won't be hard to jump over and walk in the gifts of the Spirit and miracles, signs, and wonders—demonstrations and manifestations of the glory. It will be like taking a breath in the natural.
Does that make sense?
That's exciting.
Walking in the supernatural,
just like
"boom,"it's
like walking like that. God
is about to do something we've never
seen before.
We have never seen
on this earth what we're about to see.
This is going to be a
new thing. "Behold, I'm going to do a new
thing."And
people say, "This is the way
we did it in the past."He said, "I'm
uncapping
the wells of revival, of the healing
revival."That
doesn't mean it's going
to be
exactly
like how they did it in the tent
revivals. He said, "Behold, I'm going to
do a new thing."He's saying,
"I'm going to uncap
the
wells of living water and
healings."I'm
telling you, creative
miracles are about to take place like
we've never seen before. Starting from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah,
He said the
beginning of the glorious outpouring of
what you've asked for. He said, "You'll
see first the blade, then the ear, then
the full manifestation."It may seem
like, "What's going
on?"but
the beginning will be
during the Jewish festival feast.
God is about to do something major
with the Body of Christ with
signs and wonders, demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory.
I'm excited about it,
and I want you to get excited.
Expectation brings the
manifestation of what you've been
believing for. I want you to start
expecting God to do something huge and
supernatural in your life. You've got to
start believing Him that He will do the
big things. Believe
for the
impossible—what
seems to be
impossible. He said, "I want My
children to start
believing Me for
bigger."Believe
Him for 2025
and finishing 2024, that it
will be a time for believing God for
bigger.
Believe Him for the supernatural.
Don't settle for second best anymore.
Believe for what
is
exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think.
It's time! God wants to show off
big in your life. Will you
believe Him for it?
Will you stand in the gap and believe
for the supernatural in your life? For
your unsaved loved one to come home, for
your child with special needs—like what
we're believing for—for a supernatural
miracle in their mind?
I believe it,
that there will be a walking testimony,
all for the glory of God. I believe
those are the days that we're about to
see, and
you won't be able to deny it.
They'll look back and
try to disqualify
or
discredit it,
but they can't because it
will be that big.
That's exciting!
I believe it;
we are in those days.
Let's believe for your
manifestation today. Let's believe for
tomorrow, for the presidential debate to
go well. Let's believe for whatever
you're asking the Father for today. It
could be a hangnail; it could
be stage four cancer and
you've got days to live,
but nothing is impossible to him who
believes.
Today is your
day for your miracle. Now, let's pray.
Father, I thank You. You
said where two are gathered together in
Your name, You are there in the midst.
Whatsoever things are
loosed
on earth are loosed in
heaven. I believe with all my heart
they are healed and whole and well in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that they are healed
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet. We take authority over
sickness and disease, and we tell you,
"Satan, you're under our feet."Jesus paid
the price and took it all on the
cross for us. According to Galatians
3,
Christ has redeemed us from the
curse of the law. I believe I
receive right now complete manifestation
of my healing. From the top of my head
to the soles of our feet, Lord, nothing
missing, nothing broken. We thank You,
Lord, that every bad report that the
devil's tried to give us,
we say, "Thus far and no further. You
will not do this anymore."We have
authority over sickness and we say,
"Body, line up with the word of
God."You
said in your word, Lord, in 1
Peter 2:24 and You told us that Isaiah
53:5 says He was wounded for our
transgressions, He was bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our
peace was upon Him, and with His
stripes we are healed. We believe,
Father, that we are healed and whole and
well by Your stripes. We are fully
persuaded that what You've promised, You
are able also to perform.
We are fully persuaded that You are
our healer.
We speak to the
mountain to "be thou removed and be thou
cast into the sea."And if we shall not doubt in
our heart, we shall have whatsoever
things we say. We speak to that
mountain—mountain
of sickness, mountain
of disease, mountain of debt and
lack—we
tell you to go now in Jesus'name. Be
removed and be thou cast into the sea.
Father, I speak to marriages.
We pray over the marriages
represented here, that their
marriages are restored. I thank
You, Lord, that their children are
restored. We call blessing over the
homes in Jesus'name. There is peace
and
joy over their
homes.
In
the next couple of days,
they'll say, "I see a complete turnaround
in my
household."Father,
in joy, peace, and
patience, I thank You that they
operate in the fruits of the Spirit like
never before. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that they are light in the darkness and
salt of the earth. Father, I thank You
that
we have a light inside of us, that people
look at us and say, 'There's something
different about you.'Father, there's
something different about your
countenance. What is it about you? And
you can say, 'It's all for the glory of
God.'Father,
I thank You that You
anointed me in a way that the world is
not familiar with, all for the glory of
God, to lay hands on the sick and see
them recover and to cast out devils in
Your name. I thank You, Lord, that this
is a time and season of great signs and
wonders, demonstrations, and
manifestations of Your glory in these
last days. And I thank You, Father, that
You would give President Trump wisdom
and revelation. Father,
let
his mind—any demonic spirits that would try
to come against him in any
way—Father,
I thank You, Lord, that he would rise
above all the darkness in these last
days. Father, rise above all the
darkness and expose the
darkness that has tried to
destroy this nation. Expose the darkness
and we call it naught in Jesus'name. We
say that Your divine plan for America,
Father, is coming to pass. Father, I
call it in right now in
Jesus'name.
Angels of the Lord, manifest and make
war against those demonic spirits. And I
thank You, Lord, for Your angels to
protect us, guide us, and strengthen
us, Father, for You said in
Psalm
91 that they would bear us up in
their hands lest we dash our foot
against a stone.
I thank You, Father, for the Holy
Spirit. I thank You, Holy Spirit, that
You are that peace that passes all
understanding, that You are leading us
and showing us the way to go in
every area of our life. I thank You,
Father, for the manifestation of
the Holy Spirit in our life every single
day. I thank You, Lord, for Your peace.
I thank You, Father, that we hear Your
voice and a stranger's voice we will not
follow in the mighty name of Jesus. And
everybody said, 'Amen.'And amen.
Well, by the way, we
are not on
TikTok,
Telegram,
or
WhatsApp.
We're not on there, and we're not asking
for orphanage money. We're not asking
for crypto money or anything like that.
These people are trying to scam you all.
And we've had emails of people
saying, 'Well, we gave to
that.'No,
no, no. These are scammers. They're
using AI or whatever they're trying to
do to try to say they're me. And I'm
telling you all, these people are the
devil, and you need to be watching out
for yourself. The only link that
takes you to my channel is in the
description below.
You click that link and you'll be able
to go right to my Facebook, my
Twitter, and all that stuff. Do not go to
any other thing thinking it's me because
those are scammers.
If you want to follow me, you go on
those links and click them and you'll
follow the right one. That's
Brandon.
That's the only safe way to do it.
So I
just want to tell y'all, just a heads up.
They've gotten some
people, but you know, we pray
God gives them back what the devil stole
from them—double what the devil stole.
You know, God's a restorer of things,
but we've got to use wisdom, too.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed; it
really blesses us. Click the
notification bell. Click the like
button. It is a real blessing to our
family. You are helping get the gospel
spread throughout the whole world. Every
single time you do that, we're getting
new people and new faces on this
channel. It is truly a blessing to us.
And we're almost to 400,000,
all to the glory of God in just a
short amount of time. The Lord has done
so much, and I just appreciate every
one of you that have clicked the
like button and the subscribe. It's
a blessing to us. Thank you
for being a part of this ministry,
this YouTube channel. It really blesses
us. So I just want to say that, you
know, don't ever take it for granted.
Well, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you and we will
see you all again next time. God bless
you all. Bye-bye.